a)

Enumerating objects: 11, done.
Counting objects: 100% (10/10), done.
Delta compression using up to 4 threads
Compressing objects: 100% (5/5), done.
Writing objects: 100% (7/7), 826 bytes | 137.00 KiB/s, done.
Total 7 (delta 2), reused 0 (delta 0)
remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (2/2), completed with 1 local object.
To https://github.com/miketesfaye/Assignment1.git
   3d373c9..a84a6d4  master -> master

b)

5 commits so far, git log

c)

Jan 10, 2019.
git log -p .gitignore

d)

Branches allow you to look through and go back to earlier commits.
Branches allow you to run different test commits without altering
your master branch. 

e) 

git log shows the number of commits made, who made them, the date and
the comment.
git status displays paths that have differences between the index file and the
current HEAD commit, paths that have differences between the working tree and
the index file, and paths in thew orking tree that are not tracked by Git

f)


git log --follow -- Weapon.h

g)

git log --all --grep='file'

h)

 i. derived classes that will share all of the data and
 functionality found in a base class.
 The derived class will inherit all of the base class features.

 ii. polymorphism means that a call to a member function will
 cause a different function to be executed depending on the
 type of object that invokes the function.

 iii. Encapsulation is binding together the data and the functions
 that manipulates them. 

i)
 
Integration management workflow involves each developer having
their own repositories they push and pull from and leave the
integration manager the problem of trying to merge their repositories.

the Dictator and Lieutenants workflow involves developers only pulling
from a central repository and then the lieutenants will figure out how
to merge the work of the developers. Afterwards, the dictator will try 
to merge the work of the lieutenants and only then push it to the central
repository.

j) 

100 developers would benefit more from the dictator and lieutenants 
workflow because it is more well orgnaized. The centralized workflow
would be chaotic with 100 developers allowed to push their commits to it
because each developer would be responsibile for proper integration with
the commits of every other developer. The dictator and lieutenants workflow
at least ensures the integeration process will be seamless once a push is made
